in the alphabet soup of trash revealed
during the financial crisis we saw CD s
ABS CBO CDO squared CD o cubed and so on
there was no stopping these from taking
over the financial system well we all
know what happened last time this time
however it's even larger you came here
for the truth today we are going to
cover the financial derivatives let's
begin flipping back the pages of history
to 2009 we have this article out of
Business Insider they're actually
quoting the Financial Times the CBO is
back but it's different this time
we continuously hear that that line
reverberates throughout every boom and
bust consistently fooling people well in
2009 they said there's nothing to worry
about the CDOs
they're just fine CDOs are back will
they lead to another financial crisis
this was 2013 and in this article it
talks about what CDOs are talks about
the derivatives and it talks about the
fact that there is nothing to worry
about then in 2014
why do investors keep coming back well
the answer seems to be that CDO tranches
and structured notes offer higher yields
than products with identical ratings all
onto that for a moment like US Treasury
notes the identical rate is they're
talking about our triple-a now you have
these CDOs which are the worst of the
worst that possible packaging up all the
garbage together and having their
friends at the rating agencies give it a
triple-a rating not that I think the US
government should be a triple-a rated
but I believe that is
a hundred times better than a CDO the
CDO is the worst piece of garbage
possible and they were rated triple-a so
ultimately those investing look for
higher yields what are they gonna do
they're going to get things like a CDO
and should there be a problem you don't
have to worry because the central banks
will be there to bail you out that's
what's happening right here 2014 they
talked about the same issue and how
there's nothing to worry about just
trying to get more yield that's all this
is just investing nothing to worry about
now in my book first book I talked about
the CDOs
I talked about the asset backed
securities I talked about the credit
default swaps and every other one of
these derivatives in fact derivatives
has a very large focus in my book a CDO
was generally a triple-a product it was
rated as the same quality as the top
first world countries debt they were
able to give it this rating because it
was allegedly not true well diversified
even though it contained nothing but
subprime debt the joke is that they
packaged up a bunch of garbage and
blended it all together and called it a
spectacular investment vehicle so if you
look at this diagram right here I have
several of these diagrams in my first
book you take things like car loans
mortgages credit card debt funnel all of
that right here into a beautiful little
package put a little bow on top of it
called it a CDO and then you have your
friends at the rating agencies give it a
triple-a rating and that is called a
crime this is what derivatives
essentially are this is what
particularly the CDO is but this is a
simple example of course is just a
little cartoonish
type diagram to make my point very
simple and you know people try to
overcomplicate it and there's a lot of
people out there who go into their
mathematical calculations and they try
to tell you that you know this or that
or left or right or up or down look this
is what it is I did it in a cartoon form
to make a joke out of it because that's
what it is it's a joke but a lot of
people get hurt with this joke that's
the unfortunate part so the cdos guess
what today they're making a comeback
this is new information August 2017 The
Wall Street Journal reports the
synthetic CDO the villain of the global
financial crisis is back in the u.s. the
CDO market sunk steadily in the years
after the financial crisis but has been
fairly flat since 2014 in Europe the
total size of the market is now rising
again up 5.6 percent annually in the
first quarter of the year 14.4 in the
last quarter of 2016 so think about this
for a second what is Europe struggling
with more than even the US and that is
getting their mark markets going how are
they going to be able to initiate some
increased yield how are they going to
get the inflation happening how are they
going to get asset prices to rise when
all they're doing is buying up corporate
garbage debt well you need to get assets
that have more return and what do they
do they turn to something like the CDO
and they are going to be burned but have
no fear because the ECB will be there to
buy up any company's garbage debt so
they can take on as much as they want
they don't need to worry because the ECB
the central bank will be there to buy up
their garbage this is a disaster waiting
to happen this is the financial crisis
part two and we are sitting smack-dab in
the middle of it we are in the eye of
the storm
and we will see this become a reality
very soon the only thing that I worry
about is how long this takes to happen
because the longer this builds for the
worse it gets
that is a fact that is an absolute fact
it's already gone beyond the financial
crisis and here we are today even at
this state where it should have
collapsed a long time ago the central
banks have been keeping it up and let me
say for the thousandth time the markets
can continue to go higher and higher as
long as the central banks engage in
their same policies I've had enough of
it I wish that we would have some sort
of correction at least a 25% correction
would give some semblance of reality to
this but that's not how it works the
central banks won't let it go down
they're going to print and when real
deflation sets in then the central banks
will really give it and they'll really
give it if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up I
appreciate that very much
I do appreciate all of the support that
everyone has given me whether it is
through something as simple as thumbs up
comments subscriptions on the YouTube
joining me on things like steam it fit
me whether you're donating to me through
all the various means I appreciate every
single one of these I always contact
every single person when you donate to
me when you support me I always tell you
that I'm appreciated for that if I
haven't for some reason that I something
happened maybe the emails haven't gone
through or something because I always do
because I appreciate every single person
even more so now than ever because of
what you know the situation that's
happening that we're not allowed to talk
about on here so thank you thank you all
if you found this video informative I
know you'll find my books the money GPS
and my new released globally canonical
apps even more informative if you're
interested in taking a look at the CDOs
CD s's all of these different derivative
products seeing the diagrams the charts
that's more of what's in the first book
so you can check that out links are in
the description below for that as well
as the new book which gets into more of
the becoming self-sufficient earning
income as well as touching on the points
from the first book so check those out
and that's all for this video take care
if you're still here just wanted to let
you know after the whole issue that once
again we're not allowed to talk about on
here
many people suggested that I do
consultations again so just to let you
know technically I've been doing them
for quite a long time but it was up
until let's say maybe a year or two ago
I had started rejecting all of them and
the reason I did this was because I felt
that I'm trying to bail out everybody
with a thimble or bail out the world
with the thimble the ocean or the boat
or whatever you want to call it
basically instead I thought look you can
email me and I'll answer your questions
of course I can't get into too much
detail I'll try to do my best through
the email and then I'll try to
consolidate everyone's questions into
videos and that's not really the same
because when you're with a person one on
one you're doing a consultation you can
really answer their questions they can
respond back to you you can give them
personal suggestions it's much better I
agree with that but it just I just felt
that I could do more by doing videos but
because of what's happened recently and
because let's just say that because of
what's happened recently I think that
I'm going to open it up again
and I want to know your thoughts I want
to know if anyone's interested in it I
just want to know your thoughts even if
you're not interested necessarily if you
think it's a good idea to do this in
addition to of course to everything else
that I do so just pile it on more stuff
more work more effort and of course I
like that I want to be able to provide a
service that people want so I won't know
you think like I said not necessarily
that you might be interested but someone
that you know or other people that you
think would be interested and just let
me know please I appreciate your input
thank you